Good and evil
Shushan and Demon Sect have been feuding for thousands of years
How can you say that it is unified?
What's more, your relationship with the sect master of the Demon Sect is extraordinary
You are the master of the world
Don't the people of the world suffer?
I, Zhao Ruoyan, the Great Elder of the Seven Sects of Shushan, I disagree.
Zhao Ruoyan, how dare you talk to Qin Yun like this?
Qin Yuan can get the recognition of the treasure of Shu Mountain
My husband again
Naturally, he can be the master of Mount Shu
He is indeed qualified to get the approval of the baby.
But no success
Why can we unify the two factions of good and evil?
Become the master of the world
What do you two women know?
Thousands of years ago
Volcanic Sword and Fire once flattened the demons with one person
All Li Shushan Authentic
Large Acts of Kindness
Boundless merit
Only good and evil handrails
Respected as the master of the world
What merits does he love me for?
Do you want to die?
How can you be presumptuous with me?